Update usage-analytics.md (#4847)
MicrosoftDocs/microsoft-365-docs: microsoft-365/admin/usage-analytics/usage-analytics.md

It is not free, you will need a Power BI Pro license. For details see [prerequisites](/power-bi/service-template-apps-install-distribute#prerequisites) for installing, customizing, and distributing a template app.

To share the dashboards with others, please see more at [Share dashboards and reports](/power-bi/service-how-to-collaborate-distribute-dashboards-reports#share-dashboards-and-reports).

> ### Is Usage summary reports reader role enough to view the unage analytics?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Is the Usage Summary Reports Reader role enough to view the usage analytics?
```

> Usage Summary Reports Reader role gives them access to only tenant level aggregates in M365 Usage Analytics.  Microsoft recommends Reports Reader or Usage Summary Reports Reader role to anyone who's responsible for change management and adoption, but not necessarily an IT administrator.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Usage Summary Reports Reader role only allows access to tenant level aggregates in Microsoft 365 usage analytics.  We recommend the Reports Reader or Usage Summary Reports Reader role to anyone who's responsible for change management and adoption, but is not necessarily an IT administrator.
```
